Changing Style Guide for internal names (Issue #908) (#909)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/contributing/style-guide.md

In many cases, a name is intended strictly for use internal to a library or project, and is not a guaranteed part of the API offered by a library.
It is helpful to clearly indicate that this is the case when naming functions and operations so that accidental dependencies on internal-only code are made obvious.

> If an operation or function is not intended for direct use, but rather should be used by a matching callable which acts by partial application, consider using a name starting with the `internal` keyword for the callable that is partially applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an operation or function is not intended for direct use, but rather should be used by a matching callable which acts by partial application, consider making the callable that is partially applied an internal operation using the `internal` modifier keyword.
```

# [Guidance](#tab/guidance)

We suggest:

> - When a function, operation, or user-defined type is not a part of the public API for a Q# library or program, ensure that its name begins with the leading keyword `internal`.

Reviewer 2: Strictly speaking, the internal keyword isn't part of the name.
```suggestion
- When a function, operation, or user-defined type is not a part of the public API for a Q# library or program, ensure that it is marked as internal by placing the `internal` keyword before the `function`, `operation`, or `newtype` declaration.
```

> - When a function, operation, or user-defined type is not a part of the public API for a Q# library or program, ensure that its name begins with the leading keyword `internal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a function, operation, or user-defined type is not a part of the public API for a Q# library or program, ensure that the operation is declared internal using the `internal` modifier.
```

# [Examples](#tab/examples)

|   | Name | Description |
|---|------|-------------|

> | ☒ | <s>`_ApplyDecomposedOperation`</s> | Do not use an underscore `_` to indicate that this operation is for internal use only. |
> | ☑ | `internalApplyDecomposedOperation` | The `internal` keyword at the beginning clearly indicates that this operation is for internal use only. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ☒ | <s>`operation _ApplyDecomposedOperation`</s> | Do not use an underscore `_` to indicate that this operation is for internal use only. |
| ☑ | `internal operation ApplyDecomposedOperation` | The `internal` keyword at the beginning clearly indicates that this operation is for internal use only. |
```

> | ☑ | `internalApplyDecomposedOperation` | The `internal` keyword at the beginning clearly indicates that this operation is for internal use only. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ☑ | `internal ApplyDecomposedOperation` | The `internal` keyword at the beginning clearly indicates that this operation is for internal use only. |
```
